Q1. What is your first and last name? (This is important so that we can link your GitHub username to you.)

A1. <Connor, Vandever>

Q2. Do you have any programming experience? If so, how much, and what programming languages have you used?

A2. <No I do not consider myself to have any programming experience. I have used block coding in scratch before, but that is it.>

Q3. Do you have experience writing code in C++?

A3. <No I do not have any experience with C++ beyond what I have already been taught in this class.>

Q4. How do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit an engineer, regardless of their field?

A4. <I think the ability to understand and use computational methods is just another tool in the toolbox. Some problems might be solved better with ablication of computational methods and programs, some may not. Generally the ability to automate and adjust systems, or understand how they operate on a software level also seems rather useful. To my undertsanding, essentially all engineering disciplines use software to model and collect data. >

Q5. Do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit you in everyday life? If so, how?

A5. <Well individually I have been considering a switch to linux for my personal computer, so the ability to solve problems regarding that, and getting terminal experience is quite helpful. Otherwise, I am sure that there are problems I have that could be solved in ways I couldn't have imagine dbefore learning about computational methods. Finally, my roommate is quite knowledgable relative to myself in these matters, and it will be nice to have a better picture of the things he tries to explain to me.>

Q6. We may have time for a special topics lecture at the end of the term, depending on how the term unfolds. Are there any special topics related to computer science that you're curious about? (e.g., an introduction to machine learning, computer graphics, object oriented programming, functional programming, frontend development, backend development, databases, cloud development, mobile app development, etc.)

A6. <I would be interested in learning how databases and remote servers are setup in addition to how they operate. I also wouldn't be against an introduction to machine learning if more people were interested in that subject class wide.>
